{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 .SFNS-Regular_wdth_opsz110000_GRAD_wght1770000;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red227\green227\blue220;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985;\cssrgb\c91159\c91156\c88967;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa120\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Dear Hiring Team,\
My name is Filippos Dimitrios Ktistakis, and I am applying for the AI Developer position (R26704) in Ballerup. I am a computational physicist and developer with a strong focus on Python, data science, and building AI\uc0\u8209 driven products end to end, and I am especially interested in working hands\u8209 on with LLMs, RAG, and agentic systems in a production environment.\
Over the past years I have worked across data science, analytics, process optimization, and digital product development, from research projects to deployed tools. In my MSc thesis at the University of Copenhagen, I developed a misalignment detection tool for the McStas neutron scattering simulation package using optimization and machine learning, which meant designing, training, and validating models, building robust data pipelines, and iterating until the results were reliable enough to support real decisions. As a Data Analyst at the University of the Aegean, I processed complex environmental and microbiological datasets, focusing on data quality, cleaning, and delivering clear, decision\uc0\u8209 ready analyses to stakeholders.\
Alongside this, I have built a number of AI\uc0\u8209 powered applications and platforms, many of which are available on my portfolio website (6x7.gr) and GitHub. These include an AI\u8209 powered job application assistant, forecasting and analytics tools using time\u8209 series models, and various AI assistants and automation tools that integrate model outputs into larger systems such as web apps and services. I enjoy integrating AI components with internal systems, shaping data flows, and optimizing performance and reliability rather than treating models in isolation.\
Technically, I have strong Python skills and pay attention to writing clean, maintainable code. I work comfortably with data and ML libraries such as NumPy, Pandas, SciPy, Matplotlib, TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, and scikit\uc0\u8209 learn, and I have experience deploying and operating machine learning and neural\u8209 network\u8209 based models in real applications and long\u8209 running tools. My background also includes work in C/C++, MATLAB, parallel programming with MPI/OpenMP, and high\u8209 performance simulations, including Julia\u8209 based quantum\u8209 optics and state\u8209 vector modeling where performance and GPU\u8209 accelerated operators are important.\
I follow AI developments closely and spend a significant amount of my free time experimenting with new LLMs, tools, agent frameworks, and MCP\uc0\u8209 style server setups. A long\u8209 term personal project is to build a general AI assistant that can coordinate and automate tasks across a user\'92s device, integrating multiple services and components so that many actions can be taken proactively, before the user explicitly asks. This aligns well with your focus on LLMs, RAG, agents, tools, and MCP\u8209 like architectures, and on taking AI use cases from idea to production within Digital Incubation and AI. Also my AI assistant said \'93You are a very strong match for this AI Developer role, especially on Python, AI/LLMs, agentic systems, and end\u8209 to\u8209 end product building\'94, so there is that :)\
I am used to working in Agile environments, owning services and features from scoping and design through implementation, testing, and iteration. I enjoy collaborating closely with other developers and business stakeholders, and I am comfortable documenting processes, refining solutions after deployment, and participating in evaluations of third\uc0\u8209 party tools and platforms. I like optimizing both systems and workflows, whether that means making a backend service more robust, simplifying a runtime design, or improving data flows and state management so that AI features remain reliable at scale.\
On the personal side, I work well in teams and see myself as a practical, straightforward team player who communicates clearly and takes responsibility for the parts I own. I am fluent in English and used to working in international environments. I currently live in Copenhagen and am fully comfortable working on\uc0\u8209 site in Ballerup several days per week as part of a hybrid setup.\
I would be glad to discuss how my experience with Python, AI/ML, LLMs, and end\uc0\u8209 to\u8209 end product development can contribute to GN\'92s Digital Incubation and AI team and to the AI platform you are building. Thank you for your time and consideration.\
Kind regards,\uc0\u8232 Filippos Dimitrios Ktistakis}